RUN-18432 add data volumes page and RBAC table (#827)
run-ai/docs: docs/developer/admin-rest-api/data-volumes.md

!!! Note

>     Data volume admins can create data volumes within specific projects. Since data volumes are created from PVCs, there has to be a PVC in the namespace of a run:ai project for Run:Ai to have access to it and create the Data volume from it. Once the DV is created, the admin manages its sharing configurations.

Reviewer: Data volumes are created from PVs

Author: @alonlavian This was from your doc. Is there a difference betwen a PV and PVC? A persisten volume, vs a persistent volume claim?

Reviewer 2: yes. Daniel corrected me that PV is the right term here

Author: ```suggestion
    Data volume admins can create data volumes within specific projects. Since data volumes are created from PVs, there has to be a PV in the namespace of a run:ai project for Run:Ai to have access to it and create the Data volume from it. Once the DV is created, the admin manages its sharing configurations.
```
